Create cloud docs (#15342)
Lightning-AI/lightning: docs/source-app/cloud/billing.rst

.. _billing:

#######
Billing
#######

> With Lightning.ai you payfor what you use! Lightning.ai Cloud is using a prepaid consumption billing model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Lightning.ai you pay for what you use! Lightning.ai Cloud is using a prepaid consumption billing model.
```
